When they couldn’t fool us with the first pandemic, so they start with the monkeypox
The COVID pandemic was just a test run. They’re not done. They saw how compliant we were for a flulike virus and now they’re going to release another one
It’s almost like they knew it was coming, like it was a giant plan, from 1 pandemic to the next, that’s all it’s going to be now guys that way they can keep all the control they want and keep everyone scared
Monkeypox is the next orchestrated pandemic
In November of 2021 Justin Trudeau spent millions of dollars on smallpox vaccines. It’s almost like they knew it was coming like it was a giant plan
Vaccine made by Bavarian Nordic. In a bizarre coincidence Bavarian Nordic had a meeting this week that was planned 6 months ago about stockpiling it.
They figured they couldn’t stick you with your poison the first time so they’re going to actually create an outbreak.
Anybody else think it’s oddly suspicious a relatively short time after Bill Gates says there is going to be a smallpox outbreak
The US has ordered 19 million vaccines for the monkeypox. They are made by Bavarian Nordic and their stocks are soaring through the roof now. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had given them a few million dollars a year ago for making these vaccines but I’m sure it’s all a coincidence.
Remembering what Bill Gates said about the next pandemic with a smirk on his face
Bill Gates is involved in the monkeypox outbreak
Do people not find it ironic that on May 22 WHO was looking to take over and yesterday this came out, outbreak of monkeypox growing in Europe and now detected in the US...interesting timing if I do say so myself.
Monkeypox is an excuse to give the WHO power
it just so happens right before the WHO wants to meet for this an outbreak of monkeypox is coming out. Coincidence I think not. They’re trying to force the new world order...
A car crash with monkeys escaping led to the monkeypox outbreak
Why is nobody correlating the monkey crash to the monkeypox?
Remember when the 100 monkeys got loose and couldn’t find that one? It’s almost like they knew it was coming.
Were they being careless on purpose, are they going to use this as a perfect cover-up as to why certain people are getting monkeypox? I don’t know. Should we trust the CDC? Ugh, you do what you want with this information.
Monkeypox is a bioterror attack
Stop taking sh-t out of your lab and releasing it. Maybe think of that how gullible are you...sheeple.
Monkeypox virus is a Russian chemical weapon
Germ games (simulated pandemic preparation exercises) are proof of a planned pandemic
Monkeypox is a sign of the end of the world
first it was COVID and now it’s monkeypox....We are in the birth pains and if you don’t know Jesus it’s best you get to know him now because he’s coming soon.
Lost bottles of smallpox led to the monkeypox outbreak
They like to expose their plans. Did everybody forget they found those weird smallpox vials that were spotted at the Maverick facility near Philadelphia...I mean it would just be a coincidence, right? It’s not like the FBI and the CDC were investigating the questionable vials that were found. And it wasn’t like there was 15 vials and some were labeled smallpox?
COVID-19 vaccine damage hurt immunity or had adverse effects leading to the monkeypox outbreak
Monkeypox outbreak in Europe. Monkeypox is actually a rare infection and not particularly infectious. But some severe cases have been reported. It’s almost like immune systems aren’t working so well.
Monkeypox was introduced for political purposes
How many of the people that contracted monkeypox are also vaccinated. We are approaching a time now where enough people have gotten the vaccine and enough time has passed so now we are starting to see some of the long-term effects.
I can’t be the only one that notices there’s going to be some type of sickness outbreak before each election cycle these days. Monkeypox c’mon man.